1. Write a query to display the name ( first name and last name ) for those employees who gets more salary than the employee whose ID is 163.

2. Write a query to display the name ( first name and last name ), salary, department id, job id for those employees who works in the same designation as the employee works whose id is 203.

3.Write a query to display the name ( first name and last name ), salary, department id for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments.

4. Write a query to display the employee id, employee name (first name and last name ) for all employees who earn more than the average salary.  

5. Write a query to display the employee name ( first name and last name ), employee id and salary of all employees who report to first name 'Pataballa'.

6.  Write a query to display the department number, name ( first name and last name ), job and department name for all employees in the Finance department.  

7. Write a query to display all the information of an employee whose salary and reporting person id is 3000 and 121 respectively.  

8. Display all the information of an employee whose id is any of the number 134, 159 and 183.

9.  Write a query to display all the information of the employees whose salary is within the range 1000 and 3000.

10. Write a query to display all the information of the employees whose salary is within the range of smallest salary and 2500. 

11. Write a query to display all the information of the employees who does not work in those departments where some employees works whose manager id within the range 100 and 200.

12. Write a query to display all the information for those employees whose id is any id who earn the second highest salary.

13. Write a query to display the employee name( first name and last name ) and hiredate for all employees in the same department as Neena. Exclude Neena.

14. Write a query to display the employee number and name( first name and last name ) for all employees who work in a department with any employee whose name contains a T. 

15. Write a query to display the employee number, name( first name and last name ), and salary for all employees who earn more than the average salary and who work in a department with any employee with a J in their name.

16. Display the employee name( first name and last name ), employee id, and job title for all employees whose department location is Toronto.

17. Write a query to display the employee number, name( first name and last name ) and job title for all employees whose salary is more than any average salary of any department.

18.Write a query to display the employee name( first name and last name ) and department for all employees for any existence of those employees whose salary is more than 3700.  